OverView:- 

Q-What is Opinion Edge?
Ans-Opinion Edge is a global community of vetted panelists who have opted to share their opinions for diverse surveys, held for established and emerging brands from around the world. Interested individuals can join our panel for free and share their views to win exciting rewards for participating in our surveys. Members can earn more UniPoints by completing their profile information and linking their Opinion Edge account with their social media profiles.

Q-How to become a member?
Ans-Opinion Edge gives you a simple and easy way to become a member. All you need to do is answer a few basic questions, which are used to create your profile and take down your areas of interest. Once you have provided your details to complete the signup process, you’ll receive a confirmation email to finalize the registration. After completing the registration process, you’ll be eligible to participate in relevant surveys matching your profile information.

Q-Is there any registration fee?
Ans-No, becoming an Opinion Edge panelist is absolutely free of cost. In addition, there is no fee for any activities you can do on our website.

Is there any bonus or reward for joining?
Ans-No, we don't reward users for joining/signing up to our panel.  

Q-What are the eligibility criteria to become a member?
Ans-As a firm proponent of diversity, Opinion Edge welcomes people from all age groups, genders, ethnicity, and regions. To become a panelist, the person must be at least 18 years of age.

Q-What are the benefits of becoming a panelist?
Ans-Joining the Opinion Edge community comes with two key benefits. On one hand, you are able to help shape the future of global brands; on the other, you receive a certain number of UniPoints every time you choose to share your opinion or complete a survey, which can be redeemed for exciting gift vouchers on various popular platforms.

Q-What is the need for email verification?
Ans-Email verification is an indispensable part of registration as well as the reward redemption process. As we will be sending your Unipoints and gift voucher codes to your registered email address, it must be verified before we can send any perks to the address. This is done to keep the process secure and ensure that only the right person receives the rewards/voucher codes.

Q-What personal information do I need to share?
Ans-Opinion Edge requires only your basic information to complete the signup process. This includes details such as your name, age, gender, zip code, etc. After completing the signup process, you will be required to update your profiling questions that are related to possible areas of interest, such as health and fitness, lifestyle, technology, automobile, food, etc.
